Leaf Wind Ground

Autumn has past as the leaves made their last dance, falling from the
tree's branches and landing each and every one in its own gracious
moment.
The ground, ready to receive at once each falling leaf, had not made
itself ready for the catch.
As the leaf not being prepared to softly nor abruptly land, so the
ground has not spread arms wide to embrace nor disgrace that
timeless act.
The leaf neared the ground being circled by the wind.
The wind, as wishing to suspend that inevitable moment, made its last
blow at the falling leaf.
The wind, the temporal suspension, the leaf, the ground.
Not waiting nor ready.
Their language was of another kind,
Which I comprehended not.
My thought of the leaf crossing to the other side at changing
amplitudes, an ever changing one, attempted a suspended roll inside.
As the thought passed on to the next moment of the leaf, the ground
remained.
The wind still playing its game of temporality was now blowing
through another leaf.
One leaf abandoned that endful game, arriving at the ground, head
first.
At a velocity of sunset in a summer day, the leaf spread wings to land.
Aware of that constant change of the wind behind playing with its
fellow leaves, that leaf denounced its clinging to the wind.
Solid earth, temporal in permanency, appears insusceptible to change.
"Change arrives at all and you my dear will be fallen soon as well." ,
exclaimed the leaf to earth.
With these words the leaf contacted earth and stayed for rest.
Its flock united as the play with wind unwound.
The wind vanished all at once, felt but unseen.
Its trails are only sensed through recollection.
At a duration which might have lasted many summer days, until the
summer was no longer named, the earth had fallen too.
The words of leaf are ever lasting in duality of constant changing
states.
Where earth has reassembled, that I never got to know.
The stories, from Genesis to Jesus's colt or filly foal, were only
fictitious as much as factual.
I swear I have it all somewhere.
My genuinity - I left with you. As you sailed upon your storyboat into
winter's horizon, to fill up existence's reservoir with nectar of
fragmented memories.
I rest assure that your story even untold, will unfold.