The Storm

Quiet. The storm has passed. I open my eyes, rub them gently.
Can it be? Is it so?
I look to my left, my right, in front, behind, above, below.
I think I have checked every possible direction.
"Is the storm gone?", I asked myself again.
I close my eyes once more while standing in the center of the empty
room.
I open them after a few seconds.
Still I stand alone in the middle of the room.
Again I wonder - has the storm passed?
I do not hear noisy sounds anymore.
I do not feel the wobbly floor under my feet.
I scan the room with my eyes, as not believing.
The room is completely empty and I stand in its center.
Refusing to believe it is so. I reach a hand to the floor. It is cold and
hard, but responds to me softly, tells me that the storm has gone,
without words.
I still find it hard to believe. Searching for a clue or sign or a proof.
My breath is regular and my body is hanging by its skin.
I feel with my fingers my body as if to make sure everything is in
place.
All the touch of the skin confirms. It is.
Concurs I am here, present.
The breath reports to me its stability and the body is having a short
affair with it.
I wonder where all the possessions, the people, have gone from my
room.
How can it be that after such a strong storm, the room is spiffy clean
and in order and not messy and broken into pieces?
I glance through the window. Surprised to find out the window again
and more, the sun. The rays of the sun penetrating through it in the
early gentle morning.
Soft caressing gentleness. Inviting to wake up slowly.
Still feel tired, but the blood already flows in slow silent motion in my
veins and I can feel my feet.
I am standing on the ground with my two feet carrying my weight,
balancing each moment.
Momentarily I wonder why am I still standing and not sitting or lying
down.
Keep standing in the centre of the room, observing, sensing. My
posture is still, stable and I feel no need to move.
I inhale air inside, a bit more than usual, and exhale longly.
Where are all the people, I wonder? have they been carried away by
storm as well?
How can it be that I am alone, quiet, as if on a lonely island with no
soul around?
The question rises in my mind, but I feel no need to call someone, to
find out if there is anyone else here.
I feel the fatigue of my body. The storm required me to gather
strength and stand on its way. Stand.
As saying, “Stand firm and let me pass. You need no more than that.”
Was she right with her words? She knew a storm or two in her life.
She has passed over many people, many lives, cities, fields, seas.
Her experience is rich and advices full of wisdom.
Coming and passing away, so she shared with me in her letters over
her nature. Coming and passing away.
I know that not everyone receives a letter and some get carried away
with her.
Those who listen to her advices, she sends them a sign, a letter, shares
of what had been.
The carried away - in her storm continue to shelter.
I raise my head again, notice that I have been looking long at the
floor, as if searching for the ground. In front of me through the rays of
the sun reveals itself a green foggy field.
I feel being in that wide spread field, inviting me to it, while I still stand
in the middle of the room.
I wonder that several long minutes I have not made a single step.
Mostly my steps in the morning are quick and I move hastily as if to
wake up the body into the coming day.
I smile at the thought that I am comfortable to stand almost
motionless for some minutes and I do not move quickly through the
parts of the room. How come I have not done that before? It matters
not.
I repeat the words for the storm - “Stand firm.”
Again a deep inhalation followed by a gentle exhalation. Is that how
the present feels?
Empty? Silent? Is this boredom? I look at the boredom and a light
laughter rises since a while no thought has arisen over what am I to
do today.
I sit on the floor, feel its tiredness, embraces it.
From sitting I move to lying down. The flow embraces me and
supports all my different body parts.
I close my eyes and fall asleep.
Has my mind’s storm passed away?